The following are the changes in the 6.0.9 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.7 release.

1. Fix a corner case in register allocation exposed by address sanitizer

The following are the changes in the 6.0.7 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.6 release.

1. Fix incorrect loop count calculation in sum-of-sum optimization in 
   auto-vectorization
2. Fix division overflow error in auto-vectorization

The following are the changes in the 6.0.6 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.5 release.

1. Mark fma class of functions in Android as constants
2. Fix miscompile issue when deleted function space is incorrectly reused
3. Fix an aggressive path in Memory SSA optimization

The following are the changes in the 6.0.5 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.4 release.

1. Disable auto-vectorization during first phase of ThinLTO

The following are the changes in the 6.0.4 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.3 release.

1. Fix QC linker to exclude symbols specified as extern, from the dynamic 
   symbol table
2. Do not optimize or remove stores to address zero
3. Fix QC linker to exclude libraries specified by filename only
4. Fix include and library paths for embedded linux OE triples (LE only)

The following are the changes in the 6.0.3 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.2 release.

1. Set debug location for calls to __safestack_pointer_address
2. Fix issue with unreachable code in safe stack coloring
3. During stack realignment, in certain cases, fix a bug with access to local
   variables
4. Auto vectorize outer loop if more profitable than inner loop

The following are the changes in the 6.0.2 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0.1 release.

1. Allow LTO to link together objects built with a different "-mcpu"
   specification
2. Fix incorrect "Could not set section name for symbol" warnings with LTO
3. Fix incorrect warning using -fqc-embed-bitcode
4. Fix crashes in certain loop optimization corner cases
5. Don't generate .eh_frame section with "-fno-exceptions -fsanitize=cfi"
6. Fix for corner case issue in loop reroll

The following are the changes in the 6.0.1 release of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM
C/C++ Toolchain over the 6.0 release.

1. Fix crash when building with Thin LTO
2. Add  missing post-process SA scripts for Windows host
3. Fix corner case compiler crash when resolving __stack_chk_guard
4. Fix codegen issue for VLD3/VLD4/VST3/VST4 instructions with register
   writeback

This is the release of Snapdragon LLVM ARM C/C++ Compiler toolchain version
6.0. This is a cross toolchain built to run on x86 64-bit Ubuntu Linux
(versions 12.04 and later) and Windows platform (Windows 7 64-bit and later).
The Snapdragon LLVM ARM Compiler will only generate code for ARM targets and
will not generate code for any of the other targets supported by the AOSP LLVM
compiler.

Version 6.0 of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM toolchain includes all changes in the
llvm.org 6.0 release, and additionally includes patches that are post-6.0
llvm.org release. The Snapdragon LLVM ARM toolchain 6.0 release includes
proprietary features and optimizations that are not available in the llvm.org
release or in the AOSP LLVM compiler.

The Snapdragon LLVM ARM Compiler uses the integrated assembler for assembling
and includes a full featured proprietary linker (QC Linker) for linking. For
Android, the QC Linker is primarily used for Link Time Optimization (LTO).

The following link contains all the new features in the llvm.org 6.0 release.
http://releases.llvm.org/6.0.0/docs/ReleaseNotes.html

The Snapdragon LLVM ARM 6.0 toolchain contains all the above features, and
additionally contains the following key features compared to the Snapdragon
LLVM ARM 4.0 toolchain:

1. Compiler Features
  - Improved debugging with LTO
    - Ability to put breakpoints on inlined functions
  - ThinLTO framework for ARM
  - Code size optimizations targeting baremetal images
  - Code coverage capabilities for baremetal images
  - Fat object files that contain bit-code and object
    - Simplify LTO workflow and enable LTO at a finer level
  - Auto-vectorization of loops that contain arrays as structure members
  - Choice of profile generation schemes for Android (for use with PGO)
  - PGO optimization for hot-cold block separation and placement

2. Linker and binutils Features
  - Features needed for LTO with Android kernel and other baremetal images
    - Support FILEHDR keyword in linker script
    - Support NOCROSSREFS keyword
  - Support for converting stripped ELF to binary
  - Support for re-linking final ELF executable
  - YAML parser improvements for linker generated YAML output

3. Library Features for Baremetal
  - Performance optimization of key library routines targeting Cortex-M0
  - Standalone standard libc subset for use in secure images
  - Runtime libraries built with debug info

4. Security/Code Hygiene Features
  - Static Analyzer: Cross translation unit analysis
  - Static Analyzer-Klockwork overlap: Improvements on Null pointer
    dereference
  - Static Analyzer: File based blacklisting

This version of the Snapdragon LLVM ARM toolchain may generate additional
front-end warnings compared to the SDLLVM 4.0 version.  However, we expect
it to perform better than the 4.0 release.  We recommend using this
version for performance critical components (where possible).

Please contact your Qualcomm Android support POC for more details
or documentation.
